Add SKR binding test (#1184)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/05-10-e2e_tests.md

    make skr-networking-test
    ```

> ## Binding Tests

Reviewer: I wonder whether it should be `service binding` here and in line 135? If just `binding` is sufficient, please ignore this comment.

Author: I will leave it as it is. It's documentation for the tests, so I think that's sufficient.

### Usage

The test executes the following steps:
1. Provisions a Kyma runtime cluster.
2. Creates a binding and saves the returned kubeconfig.

> 3. Inits a k8s client with the returned kubeconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Initializes a Kubernetes client with the returned kubeconfig.
```
